Document `GET /api/collections` endpoint (#1137)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/api.md

This is equivalent to `huggingface_hub.get_collection()`.

### GET /api/collections

List collections from the Hub, based on some criteria. The supported parameters are:
- `owner` (string): filter collections created by a specific user.
- `item` (string): filter collections containing a specific item. Value must be the item_type and item_id concatenated. Example: `"models/teknium/OpenHermes-2.5-Mistral-7B"`, `"datasets/squad"` or `"papers/2311.12983"`.
- `sort` (string): sort the returned collections. Supported values are `"lastModified"`, `"trending"` (default) and `"upvotes"`.

> - `limit` (int): maximum number of collections per pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `limit` (int): maximum number (100) of collections per page.
- `q` (string): Filter based on substrings for titles & description
```
